Jiang Yuan, don't push your luck
All have been punished by the emperor
What are you so noble about?
They are all people who serve the emperor
Where is the distinction between high and low?
I'll tell you what.
This swing belonged to me a few days ago
I want to be you now
You can get up for me
Drive him away from me
Why is it that our empress came here first?
What are you?
You deserve to talk to me like that
Do you understand the rules of the palace?
An Guiren, my maid, even if she doesn't know the rules
It's not your turn to teach a lesson
You are an unpopular concubine
I will discipline this ignorant servant for you
What's up?
Jiang Yuan, I advise you to disappear from my sight immediately
I'm annoyed when I see you.
An Guiren
The people in each palace should be under the control of the concubines and nobles in each palace
Yuezudai robe
But only the people in charge of the six courtyards of the harem
Only right
A servant
In the palace, there should be rules in the palace
He contradicted me
Give him a slap and it's fine
If you really want to scratch the Concubine Shu
A scary person like that would have to be killed at least.
Well said, since it comes to the rules of the palace
Then let's talk about the palace rules first